Misc. Changes (#49)
DeepBlueRobotics/training: docs/section-3/version-control2.md

2. Stage, commit, and push the changes you made in the previous pages. (You may want to refer back to the Version Control page of Section 2 to refresh on how to do that). 
3. Go to [the repo for your project on Github](https://github.com/DeepBlueRobotics/TrainingRobot) and create a new pull request with the branch you just created. (make sure you're logged in)

In the pull request, people can add comments, review the code, and merge the code into our `master` branch. This is how we make sure all the code that we put on our robot works and meets our quality standards. We won't be merging your code in this time around, but let a programming lead or mentor know once you get to this step so we can check what you've learned.

## Good Git Practices

> - Delete branches which are no longer relevant, or do not contain unique code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete branches which are no longer relevant or do not contain unique code.
```

- Add details into your commit message.

A commit called `"Update Motors"` does not help anyone. Give it a title of what you did, and use the message space to actually go into detail about the changes (if needed).

- Use [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), or, alternatively, github from the command line for comfortable programmers.

> This is because VSCode's "Github" window does not have all the features of actual github (such as commit messages), and the fact that Github Desktop gives a more organized way to create branches, merge, view changes, etc. compared to VSCode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), or, alternatively, git from the command line for comfortable programmers.

This is because VSCode's "Git" window does not have all the features of actual GitHub (such as commit messages) and because GitHub Desktop gives a more organized way to create branches, merge, view changes, etc. compared to VSCode.
```

Reviewer: Personally I use GitKraken too. It's like GitHub desktop but better, and we get it free through our school. It may be too much for new programmers tho.

Author: Yeah that's why I didn't include GitKraken.

In the pull request, people can add comments, review the code, and merge the code into our `master` branch. This is how we make sure all the code that we put on our robot works and meets our quality standards. We won't be merging your code in this time around, but let a programming lead or mentor know once you get to this step so we can check what you've learned.

## Good Git Practices
- Delete branches which are no longer relevant or do not contain unique code.

- Add details into your commit message.

A commit called `"Update Motors"` does not help anyone. Give it a title of what you did, and use the message space to actually go into detail about the changes (if needed).

> - Use [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), or, alternatively, git from the command line for comfortable programmers.

Reviewer 2: Ideally we should still promote using VSCode's "Git" window because it has all the features we need and its annoying to have to download another application, set up all the stuff, etc.
